We use cookies and similar tools that are necessary to enable you to make purchases, to enhance your shopping experiences and to provide our services, as detailed in our Cookie notice. We also use these cookies to understand how customers use our services (for example, by measuring site visits) so we can make improvements.If you agree, we'll also use cookies to complement your shopping experience across the Amazon stores as described in our Cookie notice. Your choice applies to using first-party and third-party advertising cookies on this service. Cookies store or access standard device information such as a unique identifier. The 103 third parties who use cookies on this service do so for their purposes of displaying and measuring personalized ads, generating audience insights, and developing and improving products. Click "Decline" to reject, or "Customise" to make more detailed advertising choices, or learn more. You can change your choices at any time by visiting Cookie preferences, as described in the Cookie notice. To learn more about how and for what purposes Amazon uses personal information (such as Amazon Store order history), please visit our Privacy notice.
We use cookies and similar tools that are necessary to enable you to make purchases, to enhance your shopping experiences and to provide our services, as detailed in our Cookie notice. We also use these cookies to understand how customers use our services (for example, by measuring site visits) so we can make improvements.
If you agree, we'll also use cookies to complement your shopping experience across the Amazon stores as described in our Cookie notice. Your choice applies to using first-party and third-party advertising cookies on this service. Cookies store or access standard device information such as a unique identifier. The 103 third parties who use cookies on this service do so for their purposes of displaying and measuring personalized ads, generating audience insights, and developing and improving products. Click "Decline" to reject, or "Customise" to make more detailed advertising choices, or learn more. You can change your choices at any time by visiting Cookie preferences, as described in the Cookie notice. To learn more about how and for what purposes Amazon uses personal information (such as Amazon Store order history), please visit our Privacy notice.



                
                    Find more solutions
                
            


 Amazon.co.uk, and many Sellers on Amazon.co.uk, offer returns for most items within
            30 days of receipt of delivery. You can use this page to learn about our return policies.
            Most items sold on Amazon.co.uk follow our general return policies, but some products
            have different policies or requirements associated with them.
At Amazon.co.uk we want you to have a positive experience every time you shop with
            us. Occasionally though, we know you may want to return items and you have the right
            to cancel the purchase of most items within 14 days. You also have statutory rights
            where goods are not as described, not fit for purpose or not of satisfactory quality.
            
Please ensure you enclose the correct and complete item when making a return. The
            correct item must be returned to receive a refund. 
 If you have accidentally sent the wrong item to Amazon, please contact Customer Service as soon as possible as Amazon does not store mistakenly sent items. Amazon cannot
            guarantee your item will be found and returned, and no compensation is provided for
            incorrect items sent to Amazon. 
 You have the statutory right to cancel your order for any reason within 14 days beginning
            with the day you receive the item (please see clause 2 of our Conditions of Use & Sale for the full instructions on cancellation and further information on your right of
            cancellation). To exercise your cancellation right please visit our Returns Support Centre.
 As well as your statutory cancellation rights described above, you can return most
            products from the Amazon sites to Amazon within 30 days of receipt of the products
            if the products are in an unused and undamaged condition. To return an item please
            visit our Returns Support Centre.
 Please note that this returns policy doesn't affect your statutory rights and therefore
            doesn't affect your right of cancellation as described above.
Please note that you must return each item in the same condition in which you received it. This
            means that new items must be returned unused and undamaged. Used items must not have any additional signs of use or damage.
The same exclusions apply to our Returns Guarantee as for the right of withdrawal. The following products
            thus cannot be returned under the Returns Guarantee (unless defective):


 Products which are not suitable for return due to health protection or hygienic reasons
                        if unsealed by you after delivery, or which are, after delivery, inseparably mixed
                        with other items; 
 Sealed audio or video recordings or of sealed software if unsealed by you after delivery;
                        
 Goods made to your specifications or clearly personalised, especially personalised
                        Amazon Handmade items; 
 Goods which may deteriorate or expire rapidly; 
 A service, if the supplier has fully performed it and you accepted when you placed
                        your order that the supplier could start to deliver it, and that you could not cancel
                        it once delivery had started; 
Digital content (including apps, digital software, eBooks, MP3, etc.) which is not
                        supplied on a tangible medium (e.g. on a CD or DVD) if you accepted when you placed
                        your order that the supplier could start to deliver it, and that you could not cancel
                        it once delivery had started. Where an eBook has been partially read or in cases of
                        abuse, refunds may be denied.
 Newspapers, journals or magazines with the exception of subscription contracts;
 Alcoholic beverages whose actual value is dependent on fluctuations in the market
                        which the supplier cannot control
 
 The following table provides an overview of the key provisions of your statutory
            cancellation right as well as our voluntary returns policy and how they compare to
            one another:

Amazon will refund the cost of sending an item back to us if it was sold or dispatched
            by Amazon (made-on-demand Collection items from The Drop, that are not defective, damaged or incorrect, are not eligible for free returns.
            See more information here). In many cases, we’ll provide you with a pre-paid returns label. If the item you
            purchased is not eligible for Free Return, and you’re using a pre-paid return label,
            we’ll deduct the cost of the return from your refund. For returns from within the
            UK, costs start at £3.99. International return costs start at £8.09. Please note that
            returns that contain multiple items, or large items, may cost more. We offer various
            returns methods which will differ depending on the item(s) you’re returning. We’ll
            always display the most accurate return costs and methods available for your item(s)
            in our Returns Support Centre when you create your label.
 You can return items in the following ways: 
               		
               
Using drop off services at locations that are convenient for you.
Using Heavy-Bulky return options, handled by a specialty carrier team.
Using Locker and Amazon Hub Counter locations for small packages.
Using a scanned QR code at designated return locations to make label-free and package-free
                        returns.


 To see which options are available for your return, go to Your Orders.
Please note that certain types of items aren't eligible for cancellation or return
            under the Amazon returns policy. You can find out more in the Conditions of Use & Sale.
 We won't accept the return of any software returned to us if it's been opened. We
            reserve the right to refuse returns or to charge you our fees and expenses if the
            product isn't received in new, unopened condition.
If a product becomes defective after 30 days you won't be able to create a returns
            label using our Returns Support Centre - you'll need to Contact Us. You may wish to visit the manufacturer's website or contact them directly as they
            may be able to offer troubleshooting and support with the issue you have with the
            product. Please see Manufacturer Contact Details and After Sales Service.
Heavy and bulky Items are items that weigh 31.5kg or more, or whose longest side (when
            packed) exceeds 175cms When returning heavy and bulky items you will need to arrange
            for collection. To find out whether the item you want to return needs to be collected,
            please use our Returns Support Center. .
 If the item you have received is damaged, defective or incorrect within 30 days of
            delivery, you may be entitled to a refund. If so, please visit our help page to Organise a Return Collection.
After 30 days of delivery, you may be entitled to a repair, replacement or refund.
            If so, you may arrange for a free returns collection. Please visit Warranty Repairs. To contact the manufacturer for help, please visit After Sales Support and Contacting Manufacturers.
For other reasons for return, we may deduct a home collection cost of £50.00 from
            your refund.
 You have additional rights in relation to incorrect, damaged or defective goods.
            For more information about these statutory rights, please visit Adviceguide, a Citizens Advice website at http://www.adviceguide.org.uk/. This link is provided to help our customers find out the rights they have where
            goods are not as described, not fit for purpose or not of satisfactory quality.
 If you need to contact us by post, please write to:

Amazon UK Services Ltd
1 Principal Place
Worship Street
London
EC2A 2FA*

 This isn't our returns address and returns won't be processed at the above address.
            If you need to return an item please visit our Returns Support Centre.
 *In order to ensure a faster response please visit Customer Service.
Troubleshooting and product support may be available to resolve any issues with your
            product, as outlined in the Product Support Help page. If your item becomes defective after the Amazon return period, Amazon
            will repair any defective item. The repair will be completed by the manufacturer or
            by a third-party repair service provider authorised by the manufacturers to repair
            their products. If a repair is not possible, we'll send you a replacement, and if
            a replacement is not available, we will refund the purchase price. Repair is only
            available for qualifying items sold by Amazon.co.uk or Amazon Warehouse. Amazon does
            not accept a return after 30 days for consumable products (e.g. batteries, fuses,
            ink, light bulbs, etc.) or if the defect is due to accidental damage, deliberate damage,
            caused by external factors, or general wear and tear. For more information, go to
            About Warranty Repairs.
Most Amazon Global Store items can be returned within 30 days of receipt of delivery.
            Please use the online Returns Support Centre. We will issue a refund within a maximum
            of 14 days and confirm it with an automated e-mail. You can see the refund in your
            bank account or credit card statement, within a maximum of 7 business days after the
            refund is issued. In certain circumstances refund time-frames may be longer. For incorrect,
            defective, or damaged items, you’ll be refunded for original delivery costs, as well
            any Import Fees Deposit(s) for the returned item(s), once your return is processed.
For some Amazon Global Store items, you'll be offered the same local return methods
            as outlined in the Returns Costs & Methods paragraph above. For others, you'll be provided with a pre-paid UPS return label,
            which allows you to return the item(s) to any UPS drop-off point located across the
            UK. You can find your most convenient UPS location using the following link: UPS Dropoff Locations
 For eligible Global Store orders placed to the Republic of Ireland, you will be provided
            with a pre-paid An Post return label.
If your return label requires you to return the item at your own expense, Amazon will
            automatically refund up to £20 for return postage costs (for items sold by Amazon
            US), and up to £15 for return postage costs (for items sold by Amazon EU). If your
            return shipping costs more than the automated refund amount you receive, please keep
            a copy of your return postage receipt. For more information on Amazon Global Store
            please see the Amazon Global Store Terms & Conditions.
 Items purchased at an Amazon Fresh store are refundable within 30 days of purchase.
            For more information, go to About Amazon Fresh stores. The majority of Amazon Fresh food items aren't returnable, but may be refunded.
            See About Spilled or Damaged Amazon Fresh Items for information on requesting a refund.
Products sold by Handmade Makers are subject to the standard A-to-z Guarantee policies
            for Amazon. The exception to this are items that are purchased with optional customisation
            options, other than size and colour. See Customised Products for additional details.
 Customised products include any products that are configured, personalised, or inscribed;
            for example, engravings, stamps, monograms, embroidery, embossing, etching, carving
            or printing. Custom products are not returnable but may be refunded or replaced within
            30 days of delivery if the products are damaged/defective upon arrival, or materially
            different from what was ordered. If there is a misspelling or error in the configuration,
            inscription, or design due to a mistake by the third-party Seller, you are protected
            per the Amazon A-to-z Guarantee
The following guidelines apply to all return-eligible Luxury Stores products, and returns that fail to adhere to these guidelines may be rejected. Luxury
            Stores gladly accepts returns on all eligible items within 30 days of delivery and
            offers free return shipping. Luxury Stores orders can be purchased on Amazon.co.uk,
            Amazon.de, Amazon.fr, Amazon.it or Amazon.es. Selected Luxury Stores items can be
            shipped to, and returned from, addresses in the EU and UK. If the item you'd like
            to purchase is not eligible for delivery outside of the UK, a delivery restriction
            message will be displayed at the checkout asking you to select a different address
            instead.
When returning a product for any reason, you must do so in the exact conditions you
            received it from Amazon. In this respect you must entirely delete, remove and eliminate
            all personal data pertaining to you and/or any third party which may be possibly present
            in same item, and must de-latch any account possibly latched to same item. You will
            be fully responsible for any data breach that may occur if you fail to do so. You
            must remove from the returned product and from the box containing the returned product
            any item not pertaining to the returned product as originally received from Amazon.
            Amazon will not be responsible for any such items erroneously left by you within the
            returned product or within the box containing the returned product. You agree and
            accept that the returned product will become Amazon’s property, and that Amazon is
            therefore entitled to sell it to third parties at Amazon’s full discretion.
 Amazon.co.uk Gift Cards are non-returnable items. However, unused gift cards may
            be eligible for a refund by contacting Customer Service.
Amazon may sell certain products in unsealed boxes (e.g., for HTC and Huawei), as
            this is how we receive them. When returning these products to Amazon, you have to
            send them in the same conditions as received by you, without affixing any seal. Should
            you send us these products in a sealed box you may be held liable for any data breach
            or other adverse consequences related to such manumission.
 For instructions on how to return certain specific items, please see the following
               links:
 If your order was sold and dispatched by a Seller on Amazon Marketplace, you can
            learn more about Arranging Marketplace Returns and Refunds.
 For Prime Video, please see the Prime Video Terms of Use page.
 For Amazon Music, please see the Amazon Music Terms of Use page.
 For Kindle, please see the Amazon Devices Returns Policies page, the Kindle and Fire Tablet Terms page and the Amazon Kindle Store Terms of Use page.
 For the Amazon Appstore for Android, please see the Amazon Appstore for Android Terms of Use page.
 For Amazon Games and Software downloads, please see the Amazon Games and Software Terms of Use page.
 For AutoRip Music, please see the AutoRip Terms of Use.
 For Shoes, Clothing, Jewellery & Watches, including Collection and Staples by the
            Drop items purchased from The Drop, see About Free Returns On Fashion Items.
For items containing Hazardous Materials, please see Items containing Hazardous Materials. 
For items containing High Value Items, please see the Very High Value Items page.
 If you return items in which you've saved personal information, such as laptops,
            cameras or other electronic devices, you must erase this information completely before
            sending the product back to us.

            Was this information helpful?
        

            Thank you for your feedback.
        

            Please select what best describes the information:
        

            
	Thanks. While we're unable to respond directly to your feedback, 
	we'll use this information to improve our online Help.
    
        

                                        Your orders
                                    

                                        Track and return orders
                                    

                                        Returns and refunds
                                    

                                        Return or exchange items
                                    

                                        Carrier info
                                    

                                        Delivery carrier information
                                    

                                        Manage Prime
                                    

                                        Cancel or view benefits
                                    

                                        Payment settings
                                    

                                        Add or edit payment methods
                                    

                                        Account settings
                                    

                                        Change email or password
                                    
